README.md, before:

# PocketFactions
A full-featured Factions plugin for [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP).



**This is not quite ready for production servers**

# Commands
```
/f help <page> 
/f create <faction name>
/f disband
/f chat <mode> (alias: c)
/f description <new description> (alias: desc)
/f tag <new tag>
/f leader <player>
/f show [faction name]
/f list [factionless]
/f reload
/f save
/f version (alias: ver,v)
```

I put a ton of work into this to make it as close to [PC Factions](https://github.com/MassiveCraft/Factions) (The old version, not the s**t new one).
So please, give the repo a star.

## TODO
See [#1](https://github.com/TheDiamondYT1/PocketFactions/issues/1)

## Stalk me  
Stalk my social media, please.  

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TheDiamondYT)  
* [PocketMine Forums](https://forums.pmmp.io/members/thediamondyt.622/)  
* [Instagram](https://instagram.com/bruhitzzluke)  
* [Snapchat (lukedabs21)](http://snapchat.com/add/lukedabs21)   
* MCPE Username: TheDiamondYT7
  
## Credit
The command code is based off (but not completely copied from) [MyPlot](https://github.com/wiez/MyPlot) by Wies. Thank you!

Commit message:

Made it easier for people to modify the plugin but keep credit for me

README.md, after:

# PocketFactions
A full-featured Factions plugin for [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP).

**This is not quite ready for production servers**

# Commands
```
/f help <page> 
/f create <faction name>
/f disband
/f chat <mode> (alias: c)
/f description <new description> (alias: desc)
/f tag <new tag>
/f leader <player>
/f open
/f show [faction name]
/f list [factionless]
/f reload
/f save
/f version (alias: ver,v)
```

I put a ton of work into this to make it as close to [PC Factions](https://github.com/MassiveCraft/Factions) (The old version, not the s**t new one).
So please, give the repo a star.

## TODO
See [#1](https://github.com/TheDiamondYT1/PocketFactions/issues/1)

## Stalk me  
Stalk my social media, please.  

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TheDiamondYT)  
* [PocketMine Forums](https://forums.pmmp.io/members/thediamondyt.622/)  
* [Instagram](https://instagram.com/bruhitzzluke)  
* [Snapchat (lukedabs21)](http://snapchat.com/add/lukedabs21)   
* MCPE Username: TheDiamondYT7

## Modifying
I dont mind you modifying my plugin, thats why ive made it easy to give yourself credit for modifications,
but retain credit for me.

1. Edit the [plugin.yml](plugin.yml) and add `authors: ["YourName"]`  
2. Edit the [plugin.yml](plugin.yml) and change `website` to your GitHub repo  
3. Done!  

Of course `YourName` is your name.
  
## Credit
The command code is based off (but not completely copied from) [MyPlot](https://github.com/wiez/MyPlot) by Wies. Thank you!
